(panting, slowing breaths)
Draken where are you?
[Gang Member] You
ready for this?
Yeah.
Because of him and what he
did I lost everything I had.
Kiyomasa?
I'm gonna find Draken, and
then I'm gonna kill him.
[Akaishi] Hey, look who I found!
[Takemichi] Let go of me!
I'm gonna fix it
so you end up taking the fall
for the whole damn thing.
Oh! What happened?
Who did this to you?
Here let me help you.
I'm sorry for leaving you alone.
Huh?
I really suck at all this.
Why would you say that?
I haven't really
changed anything at all!
I haven't managed
to save anyone!
(crazed laughter)
But then what else
was I expecting?
How the hell was a complete
and utter failure like me
ever supposed to have a
snowball's chance in hell
at saving anyone?
How stupid can I be?
That's not true.
Just leave me alone!
I'm...
(sobbing)
Nothing but a total failure.
(gasp)
That was my first kiss.
But why?
I gave it to you because
you're that special.
You're not Draken.
And you're not Mikey either.
You're just you.
You're Takemichi.
You're not afraid to
cry for others' pain.
And you get so frustrated
trying to help them.
That's just who you are.
If you ask me, there's
no one cooler than you.
(sobbing)
Hinata, thank you.
What for?
I didn't do anything.
I, uh...
Don't worry!
You can do what you need to do.
I have faith.
(chuckle)
But now I have to go.
This time, I'm going
to stop Kiyomasa!
And then I'm going to
settle the trauma in my life
once and for all!
We've got big trouble, Takashi!
Draken's about to be attacked!
Yeah I know, I heard about it.
-Yeah it's Kiyomasa!
-That damn Peh.
Huh?
She probably went home
already, with all this rain.
[Peh] Draken!
-Huh?
-Hm?
Oh hey Peh.
What's up?
What's the deal with the sash?
(murderous growl)
Peh feels like
Toman screwed Pah.
And let him take the fall.
But that isn't true!
What matters now is
that Peh got together
with some former Moebius guys
and told them he was
gonna take Draken out.
So Peh's the one?
[Takashi] He's out
to hunt down Draken!
What's the matter Peh?
I don't think I've ever
seen you looking so serious!
Here, Emma.
Go wait for me by the exit.
Huh?
Peh, I guess you're still
pissed off about what happened.
And you still think
it was my fault.
Wanna throw hands?
Let's do it.
Draken, look out!
(laugh)
(surprised gasp)
(opening theme music)
[Takemichi] We've gotta find
Draken and let him know!
But since we saw
Peh's ride outside,
shit might already
be going down.
(gasp)
On August 3rd, 2005,
in the parking lot
of Musashi Shrine
in the Shibuya Ward of Tokyo,
50 members of a biker gang
were involved in a brawl.
A young man in his third
year of middle school
was beaten and stabbed
in the abdomen.
He later died.
That middle school
student was Ryuguji.
[Takemichi] Takashi, wait!
Huh?
The parking lot!
Is there another one besides
the one we were just at?
Uhh, I think so.
I think there's another
parking lot out back, but--
That's it, then!
Hey, wait up!
Please let me make it time!
Huh?
Now where is he going?
Turn right up here!
Got it!
(sudden gasp)
Half of Moebius is here!
[Gang Member] Hey, come on.
Hey, get up!
-Huh?
You want to fight us?
[Gang Member] Come on, come on.
Get up man.
[Takemichi] Draken!
Hey, Mitsuya, Takemitchy.
[Emma] Draken!
Are you all right?
Hm?
Stay back, Emma!
So Peh, you traitor!
What the hell are you doing
teaming up with Moebius?
Shut your mouth, Mitsuya.
Or I'll have 'em kill you too!
Ohh?
That's the captain of
their Second Division.
He's a tough one.
Peh, you backstabbing coward!
You set up this whole
sneak attack on Draken!
But you needed all these guys
to help you fight one person?
And you call yourself a man?
Ugghhhh.
Man I am so tired.
Yeah you don't look so good.
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'll be alright.
But I'm at my limit.
Can you finish this
for me, Mitsuya?
My pleasure.
Aaaghh.
My head hurts.
You little shits really think
you've got a chance
against all of us?
You're all about to find out!
I don't see Kiyomasa here.
Shit!
There's no way to know where
he's gonna attack from!
How can we protect
Draken and Emma
with all these guys
surrounding us?
What are we gonna do?
Kill all three of them!
[Gang Members] Yeah!
(gang members
speaking indistinctly)
-(motorcycle revving)
-Huh?
Huh?
(chuckle)
(light nervous murmur)
I think company's comin'.
I know that exhaust sound!
That's Mikey alright.
Huh?
(gang members
speaking indistinctly)
[Gang Member] It's Mikey.
[Peh] Shit!
Mikey?
Just in time!
Alright!
With Mikey here, Peh
will have to stop!
I get it now.
You had me called
away for one reason.
So you could ambush Kenny.
Huh?
Someone planned that, too?
And then you were planning
to pin the blame on me
in order to try and
split Toman in half.
I'm just doing this for Pah!
You know this isn't
how we do shit!
Tell me, who tricked you
into doing this, Peh?
He must mean he thinks
there's some mastermind
controlling Peh!
It was all just a
part of his big plan!
Whoever he was talking about
wanted to set Toman
against itself.
And so Osanai just got used.
Wait, so is Kiyomasa
just getting used too?
Wow, I'm impressed.
I guess you're not
just brawn after all.
[Mikey] Who the hell are you?
Who is this guy?
Tired.
But it really doesn't
matter much who I am.
All that matters is for now
I'm in charge of Moebius.
I'm Hanma.
So you're the creeper
who's been pulling
the strings lately.
You really are a
serious smartass, Mikey.
(stunned gasp)
Oh damn, you see that?
No one ever stops Mikey's kick!
No need to be in such
a damn hurry, Mikey.
Crushing Toman is
our long-term goal.
But it's so much work.
We thought we'd try to get
you to fight yourselves.
I mean, it works out
the same in the end.
This way just has
an added benefit:
I get to kill the invincible
Mikey with my own two hands!
So this is the guy
who's behind everything?
Moebius has a hundred men here!
While pitiful Toman
has a measly four!
And don't you dare wuss
out this time, assholes!
'Cause if you do you'll find out
I'm not a softie like Osanai!
[Gang Members] Yes sir!
[Hanma] And if any
of you dare run away,
I'll hunt you down and smash
your teeth down your throat!
[Gang Members] Yes sir!
Mikey and Draken,
my little friends...
You're as good as dead!
What the hell's going on here?
Naoto didn't
mention any of this!
The internal conflict
should've been resolved!
But now a different
conflict's happening!
Wait, is this my fault?
Is history heading in
some new, weird direction?
Now stopping Kiyomasa
won't be enough!
What am I supposed to do?
Huh?
Huh.
(relieved sigh)
They just made it.
Huh?
(motorbikes revving)
Well well!
(laughing)
Would ya look at this mess.
Fighting amongst ourselves
has never really
been my kinda thing.
But since we're fighting Moebius
we can go all out 'n
give 'em both barrels!
It's about time.
I've been waiting for
the big showdown forever.
Of course you came.
Alright all you jackasses!
The Tokyo Manji
Gang is here now!
So who wants to die first?
Peh!
You're the one I wanna kill!
(fright gasp)
Looks like the party's
about to get started now!
Shit!
I have no idea how many
people are here now!
So we're gettin' a big-ass brawl
on the day of the festival.
I can feel my blood
pumping already!
You ready to rock
and roll Mikey?
(chuckle)
Oh, you know it, Kenny.
Draken!
Please don't die!
Let's go!
(attack roar, yelling)
Kill 'em all!
(gleeful laugh)
(confident laugh)
(fight yelling)
(fight yelling, grunts)
[Gang Member] Like that?
Shit!
It's started for real now!
But somehow, I still
have to protect Draken!
Where are you, Draken?
[Gang Member] Come on!
[Gang Member] You bastard!
(giggle)
Die!
[Yasuhiro] Up we go!
Aaghh!
Who else wants to
take a little trip?
(crazed charge yell)
(horror gasp)
Draken?
Draken!
The hell are you doing
just wandering around?
Yeah, sorry about that!
Ugh!
You like that?
Damn it!
Everything I've done,
it was all for nothing!
By the end of this battle,
Draken is still probably
gonna be killed by Kiyomasa!
But I've got to try,
I've gotta protect Draken
in this version of the past!
I can't ever stand to
see Akkun die again!
I can't!
Or Hina, either!
(fight yelling)
I'm going to stop Kiyomasa!
And I'm going to
change the future!
Not so tough now are ya asshole?
Die already!
(laugh)
Huh?
Asshole!
What're you doing
just standing there?
You wussing out already?
Peh!
[Gang Member] What the hell?
Mikey?
Hey, it's Toman's leader!
Perfect!
Let's take him out!
Good idea!
"Invincible Mikey" my ass!
[Mikey] Peh!
Why'd you attack Kenny?
Shut up, you bastard!
You knew that Kenny and I had
worked everything out again!
(charge growl)
And you brought Moebius in?
Since when are you
such a damn coward?
I don't give a rat's
ass if you two made up!
That shit's got
nothing to do with Pah!
We're done talking about Pah!
The hell we are!
(heaving breaths)
How do you figure we're done
with it, when Pah got caught,
and we didn't do a
damn thing about it?
Huh?
That's bullshit!
How am I supposed to be done?
Don't you get it?
Pah was everything to me!
If Toman's gonna abandon Pah,
then what choice do I
have but to be your enemy?
Come at me, Mikey!
Why the hell won't
you fight back?
You'd only need one hit!
Look at me Peh.
Am I smiling?
And after Pah got
caught, did I ever smile?
It hurts, man.
I remember when Takemitchy
said how sad it would be,
if Toman broke apart just
because Ken and I had a fight.
But I never thought
that something like that
would ever end up with
all of us fighting.
So, hit me until
you're satisfied, Peh.
Mikey I...
I don't want to fight
with my own family.
So, let's start all over again.
Come back to us, Peh!
(crying)
(grunts, groans)
Draken!
Draken where are you?
Ungh!
Aaagh, get off of me dammit!
(frustrated scream)
They have to be here, but I
can't find Draken or Kiyomasa!
Where the hell did they go?
(gasp)
There he is!
I found you, Kiyomasa!
I'm gonna find Draken and
then I'm gonna kill him.
I'm gonna stop you
no matter what!
Huh?
(horrified gasp)
No!
I did it this time!
I actually did it!
(horror gasp)
Draken, no!
Draken!
(closing theme music)